a, c, d-----The risk management process can provide project managers a better understanding of what information? Select all that apply.

a. What could go wrong with the project
b. When exactly the risk will occur
c. Who the project manager needs to consult about a risk
d. How could the project manager mitigate the potential risk


a, b, d-----Why should project managers communicate risks clearly to key stakeholders? Select all that apply.

a. To get them to provide additional teammates, if necessary
b. To increase trust in the relationship
c. To deflect blame on project issues, if necessary
d. To convince them to provide an increase in budget, if necessary


a, b, c-----Which of the following risk types most commonly impact projects? Select all that apply.

a. Budget risks
b. Scope risks
c. Time risks
d. Inherent risks


b, c, d-----What does a risk management plan typically contain? Select all that apply.

a. A competitor analysis for each risk
b. An executive summary
c. Probability estimates for each risk
d. A mitigation plan for each risk


a, b, d-----Which steps should be taken when updating a risk management plan? Select all that apply.

a. Remove risks that are no longer relevant.
b. Include any changes in the mitigation plans.
c. Move the plan to a confidential folder.
d. Add newly-identified risks.


c, d-----Which of the following are examples of external risk? Select all that apply.

a. A breakdown in communication among team members
b. A deliverable takes longer than anticipated to complete
c. A project vendor goes out of business
d. A change in regulatory requirements


b, d-----Failing to engage in risk management for your project can have which two of the following consequences?

a. You will not be able to use the appropriate tools
b. You will not be able to meet project timelines and goals
c. You will not be able to establish necessary vendor relationships
d. You will not be able to make necessary adjustments to the project plan


a, b, c, d-----Which four of the following should project managers identify before creating a communication plan?

a. Communication barriers
b. Communication methods
c. Project stakeholders
d. Communication goals
e. Anonymous survey questions
f. Project risks


b, c, d, e, g-----What details does a communication plan include? Select all that apply.

a. How communications should sound
b. Who should communicate
c. Where the information communicated is stored
d. Why and how to communicate
e. What to communicate
f. How long communications should be
g. When communication happens


c, d-----As a project manager, you have a weekly video conference with stakeholders as part of your communication plan. What two additional details should the communication plan include?

a. Location
b. Duration
c. Goal
d. Key dates


a, b, c-----Why should you share your communication plan document with your team? Select all that apply.

a. Let them offer feedback
b. Ensure you aren't missing crucial information
c. Make them aware of the plan
d. Let them make changes to the plan


c, d-----An effective project management communication plan can help with which of the following processes? Select all that apply.

a. Team selection
b. Culture development
c. Project continuity
d. Change management


b, c-----Which two tools can help determine the best type of communication for those involved with the project?

a. Project charter
b. Stakeholder map
c. RACI chart
d. Risk register


a, c, d-----Which three of the following tools can help organize project plans and documents?

a. An overview sheet (dashboard)
b. A RACI chart
c. A centralized planning document
d. A shared file drive
e. A stakeholder map


a, d-----How can you foster effective communication within your team? Select all that apply.

a. Obtain feedback and incorporate it going forward
b. Allow teammates to use any communication platform they prefer
c. Send identical message content to both teammates and stakeholders
d. Recognize and understand individual differences


b, d-----As a project manager, you decide to hold video conferences with your core project team and stakeholders as part of your communication plan. What two additional details should the communication plan include?

a. Location
b. Resource locations
c. Duration
d. Key dates


c, d-----An effective project management communication plan can help with which of the following processes? Select all that apply.

a. Culture development
b. Team selection
c. Project continuity
d. Change management


c, d-----Which two tools can help determine the best type of communication for those involved with the project?

a. Project charter
b. Risk register
c. Stakeholder map
d. RACI chart


b, d-----How can project managers ensure plan visibility for stakeholders? Select all that apply.

a. Create a risk register
b. Keep documents in a centralized location
c. Assign tasks to specific team members
d. Manage document permissions to give access to relevant information


a, c, d-----Which of the following should a project manager include in a centralized planning document, also known as a dashboard? Select all that apply.

a. Instructions for how to use the centralized planning document
b. Previous project deliverables
c. Links to any non-spreadsheet files
d. A brief project description


a, b, c, d, e-----Which five of the following categories are part of a communication plan?

a. Recipients
b. Communication goals
c. Delivery methods
d. Communication type
e. Key dates
f. Communication style


a, b, d-----What are the key benefits of a communication plan? Select all that apply.

a. Keeps people engaged and motivated throughout the project
b. Improves overall effectiveness of communication
c. Provides guidance on technical project terms
d. Involves stakeholders in effective conversations


a, b, d-----What questions can project managers ask to optimize and streamline communications? Select all that apply.

a. What is working in how we communicate with you about the project?
b. How can we improve communications with you?
c. How are you implementing the content we communicate?
d. What is not working or is not effective in our communication?


a, c, d-----Which of the following is true of effective communication in project management? Select all that apply.

a. It is clear, relevant, and frequent
b. It does not require follow-ups
c. It helps projects run on time and meet expectations
d. It continues throughout the entire project


b, c, d-----As a project manager, part of your communication plan is to identify risks and present barriers in-person. What two additional details should the communication plan include?

a. Duration
b. Type of communication
c. Frequency
d. Location


a, c, d-----Which three of the following scenarios represent a deviation from a project plan?

a. A production facility goes out of business
b. A project team hits a major milestone on schedule
c. A company increases its budget for a project
d. A lead designer quits to take another job


b, c-----Imagine that a toy company is known for making a popular doll, but their design team decides to test out a new material for the doll's clothes before beginning a new batch. This test has what two types of dependencies?

a. Mandatory dependency
b. Internal dependency
c. Discretionary dependency
d. External dependency


a, b, c-----How can escalation benefit a project? Select all that apply.

a. Provides checks and balances
b. Speeds up decision-making
c. Encourages team participation
d. Makes external dependencies trackable


a, b, c, e, f-----Which five items should you track throughout the project execution phase?

a. Progress toward milestones
b. Action items
c. Project schedule
d. Project goals
e. Key tasks and activities
f. Project costs


a, c-----Which of the following methods can be used to communicate change to stakeholders during a project? Select all that apply.

a. Change request form
b. Project charter
c. Escalation email
d. Work breakdown structure


a, c-----Imagine that a restaurant is moving to a new location and must pass a government health inspection before it can open. What type of dependency is the inspection? Select all that apply.
a. External dependency
b. Discretionary dependency
c. Mandatory dependency
d. Internal dependency


a, b, c-----What should you do in an escalation email? Select all that apply.

a. Make a request.
b. Explain the problem.
c. State your connection to the project.
d. Be serious and assert authority.


a, b-----What two common problems can a project manager avoid by escalating an issue?
a. Trench wars
b. Misdirected compromises
c. Force majeure
d. Risk appetite


a, b, c-----Which parts of a company ecosystem rely on continuous improvement to have collective and separate successes? Select all that apply.
a. Portfolios
b. Projects
c. Programs
d. Performances


b, d-----In which two of the following categories can project managers group metrics?
a. Documentation metrics
b. Productivity metrics
c. Reliability metrics
d. Quality metrics


a, b, c-----Which of the following are examples of quality metrics? Select all that apply.
a. cost variance
b. number of changes
c. issues
d. tasks


a, c, d, e-----Which of the following include visual representations of data? Select all that apply.
a. infographics
b. statistics
c. mappings
d. dashboards
e. charts


a, c, d, e-----Which of the following are ways you can be flexible during a presentation? Select all that apply.
a. Practice to avoid mistakes that could distract from your message
b. Limit practicing so you can improvise based upon audience body language
c. Consider the approach you'd take if an unforeseen event shortens your presentation
d. Imagine and prepare for possible objections
e. Identify and come up with answers to potential audience questions


a, b, d-----What tactics can project managers use to prioritize data? Select all that apply.
a. Prioritize tasks that contribute most to the project goal
b. Identify and respond to signals
c. Set hard deadlines
d. Align metrics to stakeholder priorities


b, c, d, e-----Which of the following tactics may help you be memorable during a presentation? Select all that apply.
a. Confirm the audience has no questions before you start.
b. Pace yourself by using intentional pauses.
c. Make eye contact and use friendly facial expressions.
d. Maintain an upright posture with hands at your side.
e. Elevate the volume of your voice to emphasize key points.